update readme (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-display-detail-data-within-a-popup-window-using-aspxpopupcontrol-content-elements-e5202: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to display detail grid data in a popup window

> This example demonstrates how to create a template in a master grid, add a button to the template, and display a popup window with detail grid data on a button click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create a template in a master grid, add a button to the template, and display a pop-up window with detail grid data on a button click.
```

![Detail Data](detailData.png)

## Overview

> Follow the steps below to display detail grid data in a popup window:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to display detail grid data in a pop-up window:
```

1. Specify a column's [DataItemTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewDataColumn.DataItemTemplate) property and add a button to the template.

    ```aspx
    <dx:GridViewDataColumn FieldName="DetailButtons" VisibleIndex="3">
        <DataItemTemplate>
            <dx:ASPxButton ID="DetailButton" runat="server" Text="Show details" AutoPostBack="false"
                OnLoad="DetailsButton_Load">
            </dx:ASPxButton>
        </DataItemTemplate>
    </dx:GridViewDataColumn>
    ```

2. Handle the button's server-side `Load` event to access the button's template container and get the master row's key value. Pass this key value as a parameter to the button's client-side `Click` event.

    ```csharp
    protected void DetailsButton_Load(object sender, EventArgs e) {
        ASPxButton btn = sender as ASPxButton;
        GridViewDataItemTemplateContainer container = btn.NamingContainer as GridViewDataItemTemplateContainer;
        string categoryID = DataBinder.Eval(container.DataItem, "CategoryID").ToString();
        btn.ClientSideEvents.Click = String.Format("function (s, e) {{ OnClick(s, e, {0}) }}", categoryID);
    }
    ```

> 3. In the button's `Click` event handler, send a callback to a popup control and display the popup window with detail grid data on the callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the button's `Click` event handler, send a callback to a popup control and display the pop-up window with detail grid data on the callback.
```
